README.md, before:

# xpsfan

-- WARNING, your laptop may overheat! use with caution. I will not be responsible for any damage --

Arch-linux Tool to lock the fan on dell XPS13 (9350)

Run xps_fan-unlock / xps_fan-lock / xps_fan-silent  / xps_fan-original with root

xps_fan-silent will disable turbo mode, lock cpu to 1ghz, intel gpu to minimum (300mhz for iris 540) and lock the fan for silent running.
Go into silent mode when the fan is already off, as it will lock the fan in that state.
Silent mode requires intel gpu tools as it lowers gpu speed with it.

xps_fan-original will reenable turbo, allow cpu to max (3.2ghz i7 6560U) and intel gpu up to max (1050mhz for iris 540)

Testing my laptop in silent mode shows it will run up to 95c after a few minutes of stress (gaming). 
Running on 1.2ghz makes it 100c and throtting seems to occur.
Using a 4 thread cpu stresstest on silentmode temps are ~65c.

Normal usage for me temps and performance in silentmode is fine. (browsing, coding, etc)
GPU seems to be the main contributor to the heat, if not using the gpu intensively i have found that the cpu frequency can be set higher (tested ~1.6ghz but not implemented for safety).

QUIRKS:

- FN-F11 / FN-F12 seems to stop working in silent mode. No idea why.

TODO:

- more testing
- ??

-- WARNING, your laptop may overheat! use with caution. I will not be responsible for any damage --

Commit message:

Readme that reflects new scripts and testing

README.md, after:

# xpsfan

-- WARNING, your laptop may overheat! use with caution. I will not be responsible for any damage --

Arch-linux Tool to lock the fan on dell XPS13 (9350) / tweak cpu and gpu 

Run xps_fan-* with root

xps_fan-silent will disable turbo mode, lock cpu to 1ghz, intel gpu to minimum (300mhz for iris 540) and lock the fan for silent running.
Go into silent mode when the fan is already off, as it will lock the fan in that state.
Silent mode requires intel gpu tools as it lowers gpu speed with it.

xps_fan-original will reenable turbo, allow cpu to max (3.2ghz i7 6560U) and intel gpu up to max (1050mhz for iris 540)

Testing my laptop in silent mode shows it will run up to 95c after a few minutes of stress (gaming). 
Running on 1.2ghz makes it 100c and throtting seems to occur.
Using a 4 thread cpu stresstest on silentmode temps are ~65c.

Normal usage for me temps and performance in silentmode is fine. (browsing, coding, etc)
GPU seems to be the main contributor to the heat, if not using the gpu intensively i have found that the cpu frequency can be set higher (tested ~1.6ghz but not implemented for safety).

xps_fan-gpuup increases the freq by 100mhz 
xps_fan-gpudown decreases the freq by 100mhz

This can be benificial when binding to hotkeys, as i find that when gaming sometimes lowering the gpu speed increases FPS (especially in cpu-bound games like Pillars of Eternity)

xps_fan-gpulowhigh toggles between gpu powersave and default (variable) frequencies

QUIRKS:

- FN-F11 / FN-F12 seems to stop working in silent mode. No idea why.

TODO:

- More testing
- Merge some scripts to entities that make more sense
- Reset SMM on reboot
- Temp threshold to reenable fan (this will allow higher cpu freq in silent mode)

-- WARNING, your laptop may overheat! use with caution. I will not be responsible for any damage --
